Known issues -----

To fix ------
DelayMode at speed is hard to find the runner. Add 2nd blip always at 400m. Maybe change blip colour depending on speed. Maybe add markers on map like shotsfiredmarker
GameHandler doesn't deal with wrong commands right.
Commands are visible and availible for non moderators like /heartbeat
blaine county callouts to add
Increase health?
/startgame with less then all args doesn't work
/sl starmode doesn't go back to original colour
Add m for mugshot and fix N activating while in chat


To upgrade -------
Notify runner clothes change
Particle effects for /fix and /model
Fix pri spawner neons etc. (https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0x57F24253)
Give player invincibility at spawn (https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0xDFB9A2A2)
Fix teleport to teleport with vehicle if personal teleport
Add tpall to host sending the request.
make legal vehicles more versatile. class/runner/hunter playerbased etc.
Toggle pvp per person
mechanics sound while repairing
Fire extinghuishers or location based fire prevention
make display player online list visual instead of in notifications


To add ------
Execution style finishing of a runner. /final stand mode.
PlayerBlips
change runner ragdol physics when out of the car for a while to prevent running over loads
disable firetruck water
/heal command with delay for health and armour. Make toggleable. wait instant locationspecific.
Heading indicator
Speed indicators
Vehicle name/type warning or speed limiter
Display all commands
Display time ( https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0xA4EA0691 )
Implement a menu
add ped that gets in player car https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0x374827C2
Remove weapons from npcs/ fix getting weapons from npcs and gangmembers. https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0xA44CE817
Add a good vehiclespawner
Add an option for traffic density
add karma system kill log of sorts
Make a archive log.
force 1st person possibility
/cveh sets you in closest vehicle.
Add pma voice (proximity chat) Increase range and add a radio frequency
Spectator mode
Out of bounds notification
Found death teammate notification




Gamemode ideas ------
Team deathmatch
Capture the flag
Capture the frag
ANPR placement for reading lisence plates or a camera on the side of the road making a notification when a player drives by the camera
NPC panic at car change
NPC panic around the runner
Straight line hint
Circle shrinking hint
Circle size determined by speed hint
Circle bounces when client hits the sides or at random intervals
Nearby indicator at random intervals
Runner leaves a trace somehow
Runner is famous gets crowded
Flare drop at random intervals with a chance to be close to the runners location
Car clone mode, where all hunters are in a car the runner is in too
Car class clone mode, where all hunters are in a car class same as the runner
Rainbow mode where each client spawns their personal colours for all vehicles
Police radio in the area of the runner
Hotspot for last few locations
A few potential spots for runners location
Blipmode where more speed means the blip is closer
Hide 'n seek
Stepbro
Survive the chase
Tag
Infected
Tracer mode






//finished

completed pre 27-11-2024
Change death msg to notification (SetNotificationTextEntry, AddTextComponentSubstringPlayerName, DrawNotification) (better is textcommand natives)
Add vehiclecolorerererrer.
Add toggle'able blips.
Upgrade callouts dict to filter out a number with a seperator. Think of having 2 main road callouts both showing "West coastal highway" saved as "West coastal highway =1, x,y,z" and "West coastal highway =2" for example.
Make /nudge or /stuck ( https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0xFF5A1988 https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0xA345EFE )
Make expanded map
vehcle colour include neon and lisence plate


30-10-2024
/togglepvc Added player specific player colours, it updates automatically, and can be set from ingame.
/togglepvd Vehicles occupied by a player have the option to not despawn automatically.

29-10-2024
Added a way to prevent spawnkilling.
added /reloadresource to update the .txt files without restarting the server. Also /rejoin updates the client with all it needs.
updated /mugshot to show the correct model configurations and spawn it as an npc instead of also changing camera. Update at some point.


27-10-2024
added automated callout indicators, callouts, respawnpoints and a way to add them from ingame.

23-10-2024
added teststate for /mugshot command

19-10-2024
delay mode added
playerlist added
outfit command added
fix mapbounds message for player joined
Display player online list
fixed stamina in one of the earlier versions

14-10-2024
restrict spawnable vehicles and added a toggle
multiple player veh spawner and remote vehicle spawner
13-10-2024
added loading in of callouts resource file. And showing them on map to add more where needed.

12-10-2024 +days before
fixed shots fired mechanic
removed map bounds updates from onplayerjoined
added a semi working version of blips
disabled firespread
Fix pri spawner notification ( https://docs.fivem.net/natives/?_0x1E546224 )
fixed pri mechanic
/pri has a delay to prevent spam.
/verified function of /fix timer.

9-10-2024 -- Open zancudo gates from fivem ipl master
Fixed wait timer for /fix (untested)
Fixed pri mechanic, preventing it from despawning (untested)

8-10-2024 -- Ped model change now gives you back your previous weaponclass. Weapon class commands are changed from /huntweapon etc to /weapon hunt.
/weapon gives last added class again.
Ped model change doesn't display a message that it gives a weapon class again. (it needs to give fresh weapons as they belong to the model not the player)
Finger custom vehicle model added.
Death and killed messages have a distinct difference now.
Circle blips have different colors.
Fixed a bug with ls east circles.
Fixed ferris wheel and some open holes.
Added some respawn points

6-10-2024 Display death msg's when someone is killed too
6-10-2024 Added Some sort of pri mechanic
v03-04-2023 Display setting msg's
added delete weapon options
temp respawn feature added. Spawns to closest respawnpoint.
/boss added. Gives a cornelius style fq2.
/lester is changed to /wanted. And there is features added. (/wanted on/off/wantedlvl as well as /wanted max value. It sets the highest obtainable wantedlvl)
/fix (added)
respawn (updated)
/delveh (added)
weather and time updating has the correct permissions now.
Keep weapons after death (added)
Add tp's to known locations (added)
Fix world interior glitches (added ipl fix)
give Weapons (added)
Set time to sync it. Add Vsync (done)
Fix personal tp (fixed)
Added vehicles (/veh vehiclename)(a crude version)
Add appearance change option (f6 and /ped(name))
Disable POD (made and made a toggle. /togglepvp)
fix tp location crash (fixed)
Enable toggaleble pvp (/togglepvp)
Disable shooting from vehicle (/togglesfv)
Fixed /circle commands (fixed, and should auto update upon joining now)
Fixed changing model to an animal or broken ped while randomizing by using f6(although sometimes invis on client side i think)
Added custom requesting of model /model (modelname)






                        -----StreamLoots-----
Ideas

Set task for player to complete before being punsihed. (roll car upside down)
Set task for player to complete before being punsihed. (get more than 10 meter airtime)
Set task for player to complete before being punsihed. (visit a position before time runs out)
Set task for player to complete before being punsihed. (keep speed)
Self destruct timer. Car explodes after x seconds. (15 sec?)



Needs an update

"compacted" - (semi functional but stops clients speed) sets the client into a compact
"burstsome" - bursts a tire of the client vehicle (can sometimes be no tires as it selects a tire the client doesn't have. And add more than one tire possibility too)

Functional

"cleartires" - removes all tires from vehicles near the client
"burstall" - bursts all the clients tires
"drunk" - shows a drunk effect on the client
"stop" - stops player dead in his tracks
"speed" - gives the player lots of forward momentum
"launch" - launches the player up
"gta1cam" - clients looks through a top down camera
"bounce" - reverses the clients direction and heading
"kickflip" - jumps the client vehicle up a little and gives it a rolling force
"gunjam" - After a few shots the gun stops working until the client reloads
"paint" - paints the clients car a bright colour
"paintall" - paints all cars in the area a bright colour
"electricalglitch" - flashes the lights and horn and doors of the clients car
"starmode" - sets the clients car to rgb mode and resets it when its done


Broken

"reversecam" - (broken goes in 1st person) clients look through the reverse camera
"fame" - (broken npcs don't all get targeted) npc's run towards the client
"carfame" - (broken npcs don't all get targeted) npc's drive their car into the client
"imponent" - (broken spawns a few times but goes to old cords and doesn't get in car) imponent rage steals your car
"spotlight" - (doesn't sync) puts a spotlight on the client from above
"pebble" - (works at times but doesn't sync!) breaks all windows around the client
"carborrow" -  (broken does nothing) sets the client into an npc's car
"speedlimiter" - (broken) limits the speed of the client
"carswap" - (broken does nothing) swaps the clients car with a different players vehicle
"shake" - (broken does nothing) shakes player cam for 5 secs